Ask contributors to limit PRs to one recommendation (#49)
redhat-cop/automation-good-practices: CONTRIBUTE.adoc

== Contributing

. Just fork the repository, create a Pull Request (PR) and offer your changes.
+

> TIP: limiting each PR to one sole recommendation makes it easier to review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: limiting each PR to a single recommendation makes it easier to review.
```
